My name is Kira and I’m a computer science graduate student at Portland State University (PSU).  My path to get here took some unexpected twists and turns. This is my story. My bachelors is from Portland State University in Business Administration and HR, a subject I didn't find myself very excited with. I worked in retail at Trader Joes for many years, and then went back to school to study ocean science (because I’m a big nerd and I love it and have you seen the hydrothermal vents down there?! Amazing!). A year into chemistry and biology, I helped develop some temporary climate science exhibits at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI), which led to some fellow students and I founding a science education non-profit called Science Project. We ran that organization alongside a science podcast called Everything is Interesting for a few years, and had a blast! But it was a labor of love, and I still needed to pay the bills. So with some encouragement, I did a pivot and found myself interested in the world of software engineering. While I've always had an interest in computer science, this was the first time I seriously considered it as a career. I knew it was challenging, and I wasn't sure I'd be cut out for it. I also didn’t realize what a truly creative field it can be. With some encouragement I took the leap, and started the post-bacc grad-prep program in Fall of 2018. Then I had a baby. Then we all found ourselves in a global pandemic, and everything here in the pacific northwest was on fire (literally). Needless to say, the journey has taken longer than I initially expected. But here I am, happily working towards a CS masters degree. And as it turns out…. I absolutely love this field! I love solving problems by writing programs, it’s so much fun!  I’m super interested in databases, data processing, and data management. There is more data at our fingertips right now than ever. If we can find creative, compelling, and meaningful ways to use it I think we can make this world better for everyone.  I'm also currently working as a Graduate Assistant for the foundational computer science class, CS161, here at PSU. I help build curriculum, deliver content, and most importantly encourage students just starting out on their journey to discover that if they want it to be, computer science is absolutely something they can do. 